This example is for the THREE THING criteria-analysis. 
It matches 
* the Example "EXAMPLE Presentation - Criteria Analysis 3 things - Engineering" (the "fukushima cleanup robot") powerpoint presentation example
* the "TEMPLATE for Presentation - Criteria-Analysis THREE THINGS ENGINEERING" 

The examples and templates marked "ONE THING" or talking about choosing a good volunteer experience are DIFFERENT. 

# Example essay
>Nowadays, many business people and many university students use online storage services (Kondo, 2014, April 20). The purpose of these is to back up data, to send large amounts of data, and share data with others (Kondo, 2014, April 20). If users can connect with Internet, they do not need to carry USB or portable hard disc. Knowing more about online storage services should help to choose better service. This essay compares the best online storage service for university students - Dropbox, Google Drive, and Onedrive.
<strong>Criteria</strong>
>This section outlines three criteria students should look for when choosing a good online storage services: storage size, tools, and security. The first criterion is storage size. The storage is like a warehouse, which keeps or saves data and files ("App Bank," 2014, April 25). The larger capacity of storage is, the more users can save or upload data and files. The amount of storage needed depends on the kind of files, for example video and picture files have much larger sizes than document files, such as Word or Excel ("App Bank," 2014, April 25). Actually, users can get more storage by paying money for the corporation providing online storage services("App Bank," 2014, April 25). However, in this report, this aspect is not considered because it is difficult to compare charging money system. Therefore, the default size of storage is made a comparison.

>The second criterion is tools. In this criterion, there are 2 points; ability to edit, and synchronization with smartphone. What users want to do in online storage services is not only to share data with someone, for example some of them might also want to edit files after uploading their data. There are two ways to edit uploaded files. The first way is to use local (offline) editing software. In this way, users download files they want to edit, then they open the editing software and start to fix. The second way is to use built-in tools. Some online storage services include the files editing tools, therefore users can edit files directly on website. The next point is synchronization for smartphone. What users want to do is not only saving data and files, but also viewing them on smartphone (Shimada, 2016, January 15). Each online storage services released an application for smartphone. If an online storage application is installed on user's smartphone, he/she can check or view the data while commuting (Shimada, 2016, January 15). 

>The third and most important criterion is security. Online storage is very useful because users can access to their files and data, but there is the risk of leakage ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). Saving data on online storage is similar to depositing money to the bank because the person who know the password can access the account, therefore users should be careful about data leaks ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). This report compares whether each online storage services adopt 2-steps authentication system or not. This is where users input their ID and password, and then the security code is sent the devices users have. To access the storage they need to input this security code, which makes security of access stricter ("Boxil," 2015, October 22).

<strong>Description and Analysis of Online Storage Services</strong>
>This section first describes each online storage services - Dropbox, Google Drive, and Onedrive - in detail, and then critically analyses each in terms of the above criteria. The first target is Dropbox, which was started in 2007 ("DropboxNavi," 2016, February 16). The number of users is the highest and one of the most famous online storage service ("DropboxNavi, 2016, February 16). The second target is Google Drive, which was released by Google in 2012 ("DropboxNavi," 2016, February 16), so it is younger than Dropbox. To use this storage users must create Google account. Users can use Google document, similar to Microsoft office, without limit - i.e. Google Docs files do not use storage in Google Drive (Niwa, 2013, June 20). The third target is Onedrive, which was developed by Microsoft. It was formerly called SkyDrive, but the name was changed in 2014. As with Google, Microsoft documents (Word, Excel) do not use up space in OneDrive. It is installed in Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 by default (Shimada, 2016, January 15). Now that the three systems have been described, they will be analysed using the criteria above. 

>The first criterion is storage size. According to homepages of each online storage services, Dropbox has 2GB, Google Drive has 15GB, and Onedrive has 7GB. These storage sizes are default capacity without paying money, and there is no difference in the type of data that can be uploaded. Therefore, Google Drive is the best for analysis in term of free storage size.

>The second criterion is tools, and there are 2 points, function of editing, and application for smartphone. The first point is function of editing files, whether the uploaded file, especially Microsoft office files, can be fixed on the web, or not. On Google Drive and Onedrive, users can edit files directly on the website, in opposite, Dropbox has only limited function at the moment and mostly relies on other programs ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). However, actually, the files in Google Drive can be amended through own editing software created by Google, is called Google Document (Niwa, 2013, June 20). When a Word file is opened on Google Document, sometimes the font or format will be broken. This can soemtimes be a problem for users. On the other hand, these problems will not happen in OneDrive because Microsoft produced this online storage. The second point is application for iOS devices. Google Drive is better than any online storage services because there is no restraint for file moving and kind of data that can be saved ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). On the other hands, uploaded files cannot be sorted in Onedrive, and the picture data cannot be saved in Dropbox on smartphone. It is difficult to decide the best online storage service in this criterion.

>The third criterion is security, this report compares whether each online storage service adopts 2-steps authentication system. Actually, each online storage services accepted this system, so on this criterion they all draw. However, there is something to worry about Google Drive because the rules for users, written by Google, shows that Google has the right to use every files on Google Drive ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). In other words, some people worry that data is monitored or deleted by Google ("Boxil," 2015, October 22). On the other hand, even workers who work in Dropbox, Inc cannot access the files ("Boxil," 2015, October 22), so the best online storage service is Dropbox for this criterion.

<strong>Conclusion</strong>
>This essay first outlined three possible criteria to keep in mind when choosing a online storage services and then described three targets -  Dropbox, Google Drive, and Onedrive - in terms of those criteria. There were three criteria, storage size, tools, and security. The choice of online storage is depends on user's needs, but Soka University students should select Google Drive because it has the largest storage and this university's students have Google account already. 

Word Count: 996

## References
<ref>
Kondo, K. (2014, April 20). <em>How difference between Google Drive and Dropbox.</em> Retrieved June 28, 2016, from http://news.mynavi.jp/articles/2014/04/20/026/002.html
<em>Drastic comparison between online storage Services.</em> (2016, February 16). Retrieved from https://navi.dropbox.jp/online-storage-recommended/
<em>Comparison Dropbox, Google Drive, and Onedrive.</em> (2014, April 25). Retrieved from http://www.appbank.net/2014/04/25/iphone-news/801758.php
<em>Capacity, advantage convenience, and security are estimated of 5 stages!</em> (2015, October 22) Retrieved from http://boxil.jp/magazine/150925_cloud_storage/
<em>The feature, reputation, and evaluation of OneDrive.</em> (n.d.). Retrieved from http://security-hikaku.com/index.php?OneDrive
<em>Dropbox is wonderful.</em> (n.d.). Retrieved from http://www.getdropbox.jp/post-4.html
Niwa, K. (2013, June 20). <em>Why is it Google Drive? 12 charm that you should know.</em>  Retrieved July 19, 2016, from http://www.master-apps.jp/column/drive_0620.html
Shimada, H. (2016, January 15). <em>Introduction of Onedrive for beginners.</em> Retrieved July 19, 2016, from http://www.atmarkit.co.jp/ait/articles/1304/24/news105.html
</ref>
